SEO and site search improvements (#34538)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/workers.md

> description: Learn how to implement a custom IHostedService and use existing implementations with .NET.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to implement a custom IHostedService and use existing implementations in C#. Discover various worker implementations, templates, and service patterns.
```
